Docs: Fix api url examples, expand notes (#6182)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/settings.md

## Commonly configured settings

This section describes some commonly configured settings for Prefect installations. See [Configuring settings](#configuring-settings) for details on setting and unsetting configuration values.

### PREFECT_API_URL

The `PREFECT_API_URL` value specifies the API endpoint of your Prefect Cloud workspace or Prefect Orion API server instance.

For example, using a local Prefect Orion API server instance.
```bash
PREFECT_API_URL="http://127.0.0.1:4200/api"
```

Using Prefect Cloud:

```bash
PREFECT_API_URL="https://api.prefect.cloud/api/accounts/[ACCOUNT-ID]/workspaces/[WORKSPACE-ID]"
```

!!! tip "`PREFECT_API_URL` setting for agents"
    When using [work queues and agents](/concepts/work-queues/) that can create flow runs for deployments in remote environments,  [`PREFECT_API_URL`](/concepts/settings/) must be set for the environment in which your agent is running. 

    If you want the agent to communicate with Prefect Cloud or a Prefect Orion API server instance from a remote execution environment such as a VM or Docker container, you must configure `PREFECT_API_URL` in that environment.

### PREFECT_API_KEY

> The `PREFECT_API_KEY` value specifies the [API key](/ui/cloud-getting-started/#create-an-api-key) value for interacting with a Prefect Cloud workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PREFECT_API_KEY` value specifies the [API key](/ui/cloud-getting-started/#create-an-api-key) used to authenticate with your Prefect Cloud workspace.
```

```bash

> PREFECT_API_KEY="[API-KEY]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prefect config set PREFECT_API_KEY=your_api_key
```

Quotation marks are not strictly needed

Author: I'm concerned that showing the `config set` command confuses with simply showing the setting and value.

```

### PREFECT_HOME

The `PREFECT_HOME` value specifies the local Prefect directory for configuration files, profiles, and the location of the default [Prefect SQLite database](/concepts/database/).

```bash

> PREFECT_HOME='~/.prefect'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prefect config set PREFECT_HOME='~/.prefect'
```

```

### PREFECT_LOCAL_STORAGE_PATH

The `PREFECT_LOCAL_STORAGE_PATH` value specifies the default location of local storage for flow runs.

```bash

> PREFECT_LOCAL_STORAGE_PATH='${PREFECT_HOME}/storage'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prefect config set PREFECT_LOCAL_STORAGE_PATH='${PREFECT_HOME}/storage'
```

Reviewer: same for all below
